Bro gang we are joined by the prince of the Pyrex his honor of the hustle he moved more weight than o's and big the chicken heads getting pregnant cuz the butcher coming you don't sing sing but he got bars got the BB Hills jigglin like maybe jelly buddy deaf jam he bills mafia and the blacks and perino's getting mafia bills come to Davies white cuz he brought the corner back  Josh Allen the trip club how he be throwing bills. Oh, you want to compete in the AFC? How about you AFCD's not must be teenage depression and how it's killing these 16s? He from Montana, Avdee, so we got yellow stones. Called the great lake effect because he brings the powder, Grammy nominated and a Emmy award winning artist Penny the butcher Benny, how the hell are you? Man, I'm good. I'm good. I hold on. Yeah, one time. One time for Jim Boe. Gabe said we're into movements. That intro for everywhere to fuck our goal like ours, right? He's come on. I'm not going to the dentist.  You're running back for the high-geness one time. Yeah, the dentist said I've been grinding I'm great. Good. Shall I give Savannah for making this happen? Yeah, oh, yeah, man. Oh, King in New York the real king in New York in the fucking building. How you doing? It was a long day. Yeah, man. It's been a long month. It's been a long month, but it's album out. Right. Doing my press run. Congrats by the way. Man, pre-shade. We're gonna talk about it. Yeah. I've been getting no sleep. Yeah, this month's been seven weeks long for sure.  As a fact, I've been drinking more to kill it. When we had to get the killer Uber to here, especially. Yeah, not that we wouldn't have bought it, but like if you're offering it for free, we'll get it over here easily. Nice. Nice. Nice. Yeah. So I'm repasado for the fucking Boston. Benny, butch, Mr. Butcher. The first thing we wanted to do is a little fit check. We're going to walk us in the audience at home through everything that you got on. Do you want to start top down or bottom up? That's the question. And there is a right answer.  name for this. Or Aurora. Or a sweat suit or sweat suit. This feels so let me. We're talking hem's and stitches. It's a little bit like a Nike tech, but swag here. Yeah, but shout out to friends at Nike. Ribbles. Yeah, dude.  That's fast nasty more burn ends in Austin's dude more burn ends of catches Yeah, yeah, is that what you call the the sweatsuit the so-ho suit? Not a I was saying the whole Oh, she's a horror aura you know I'm saying okay, but a white Air Force ones yeah, clean what about the shap? Oh you forgot the little yeah, I'll speed okay leather trucker Trucker yeah, you're in your rockstar shit did got to be yeah, I got to be man 20 24 you got to be on your  Jimmy Hendrix. Okay speaking Jimmy Hendrix, what are the panties? What panties are you wearing? Rockin' today. I don't wear the my doll. You don't wear anywhere? Of course I do, but I wear it. I don't wear the straws. What straws are you wearing? Boxer briefs? We ask everybody by the way. Yeah. No fence. I'm trying to remember. Haines. Haines? No one I used to do. What? I used to wear the bassachi shit. Sure. sexy. I used to ask. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse. It's a horse.  All right, I'll send you to be so bad my bad. What's it what happened to you? It's the weather. Remember the man. What about the forces you do the same thing with the kids. Yeah, all right. So these are moving different on a major label got there. I was doing that before. What about the beater underneath yeah the please are the wife please are the white hands. Okay  You're a brand loyal. Extra large. I've been getting a little weight. Are you getting swallow or you're just getting weight? Cause like your it's out mode. You're just being eating my wife. It cook in a lot. I don't care. House. I thought it was like a winter time. Like a weasy thing. Tell them they tell me I'm getting weight and I tell them get paid. Yeah. I've been trying to the big dog. What's the best thing that your wife cooks? By the way, your wife is here. So we're keeping an honor piece of cues. But what's her best dish? Are you sure? She my dog. All right. She my dog. Try to the big dog. So maybe I should just get this one out of the way.  Um, when you have you ever busted and said the butcher come in No, I thought it'd be funny though The man on the pause button is up to build a job here is too difficult. It would be a mad funny bit right? No, it's too cliche. Oh really? It's too cliche. I thought I came over the good question. Oh, no, like it's too clear. It's too right there. Yeah, all right, it's like but I'm putting it not in but I'm pretty sure  I'm pretty sure with that. I'm pretty sure like me and Andy are probably thinking the same thing. Okay, all right. I feel really good now. Do you listen to on music when you fuck? Where's it like you keep your work and work and pleasure separate? I don't want to hear that shit. Church and state no. I don't I can't listen to myself when I'm naked because you're like damn bars. Yeah, I sold Canada dry and I did keep the stamina high.  Yeah, so I'll okay. I'll be having to have a one track. My right. I listen to know better the butcher music is like that's for like the whip. That's for the fuck yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm listening to Rick James. Oh, okay. Okay real freak shit. What you got it? I get it. I do I'm just I'm do the same buffalo shit. Yeah, for real. Yo couch. What about all the hardware? What do you want to start with the DS? Let's get a little diamond check. Okay, I stow. Thank you. Holder than buffalo. Yeah.  This this diamond ring has every cut a diamond in it really how many cuts of diamonds are there Counties well fuckers. I see a I can't count that I guess I'm in up and I'm gonna show oval shape heart shape that old bits of the taitanic Yeah, her necklace rose rose  Oh, also iced out, but in a classy way. Yeah, yeah, yeah, not tasteful. I was a go on like the plane shit. Like I got to have dime as a machine. Right. And then you go like a piece. Family piece hell. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, emerald cuts. I'm saying emerald cuts everything. What could James and I do to get like a BSOP chain or BSLF excuse me. I got wasn't working. Yeah. Like what kind of work? What about just face off the strength of the intro? Yeah. I'm like, oh, I forgot to go like history team shit stickers different type different type of shit. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay.  Off the record type series. We talk about it on deadly series. Great. Like effect. We got to bring the powder. What else own what's the jacket? Yeah, the puff. Talk about the big black puffa. Louis Vuitton. Whoo. I'm saying Louis jacket. I bought this jacket three years ago. Really that's a virtual design. Yep. Okay. R&P Awards for the BTA Awards when we perform and then a DMX tribute and Jack. Tell me that. That's real motion.  You could it's a game-born. Yeah, that's like a memorabilia type piece Yeah, whatever. Should we turn the camera off or yeah, what do you? Oh, oh, oh, oh, you're like a you a micro-doser macro-doser macro. Yeah macro. Are you on how many mushrooms are in the house? I got a way to that for okay, please you're working right your professional way So are you in the stew taking trimmies? Of course is that it is that a new like what's more popular the rapper still weed got to be right? I?  drugs that you think is rap about. Yeah. Oh, that's true. Are you are you new is this booming era is this new like a new thing or you of you always been kind about the psychedelics. I'm a year in okay. Yeah, and I'm a newbie with him. I'm a year in but I feel like I'm I'm I'm Matt were I supposed to help your psyche and your artistic like process and creativity. I don't want light. I think funny. Oh, it's like kind of in therapy. Yeah, like I've been missing out. Yeah, for your mind and your asshole follow dude. I'm trying to tell you your mind and your asshole follow ass will  Wow, you said it. Yeah. I mean, I didn't say it, but I repeated it. Are these like from the fucking like bodega in New York or like the Zaza stories? He's a cop, so watch your music. He's just from my dog. Okay. This is from my dog. You know what I'm saying? See a cop. I'm a country man. I mean, I'm not saying anything. They found to your pocket from my home. They really did. This is not even my coat. Okay. Thank you. I really forgot where I got them from. I think my homey gave me those. Nice. Hell yeah.  They look fun. All right, I believe oh and we're sipping on some Don Julio represent that got over it over it. Yeah, yeah, I still drink the cost of me girls, but I'm covered it over okay, I see that's why people can change man. Yeah, people can change man. The Lord is not done with me yet. All right, let's get into the meat and potatoes. Yeah, oh the only podcast matters. Yes, Benny the album just dropped. How does Benny the butcher celebrate on release night? What do we do we want to blue flame?  Yeah, that's the new that's the one now, right? Yes Magic City on another magic city okay shout out to magic cities it's all about what you prefer right? But you have to be a go to strip clothes of course I mean no sorry for my wife's gonna know you know We'll see you in Vegas. Yeah, we'll see you Vegas. You can like show us the ropes for the Super Bowl Tell me know Saturday night make a reservation girl. What's up? Why did they spot oh? Yeah, why is blue flame the one can you do your laundry there like how is the first?  Get a haircut cuz it's the right it's the right it's the right It's the right temperature of ratchet okay You put them saying not too ratchet and then not and I'm saying and just ratchet enough a blue flame is the hottest flame though, no, that's the awesome. It's just small so it's like oh Intimate it's intimate. Yes, intimate. You know, I'm saying you be standing with somebody from our own six Okay, I'm West side Atlanta, you know me a drug dealer criminal somewhere, but he he a nice guy here  for you. Yeah.  How many bands did we throw? You had the speculate. I was probably spending like $4,000. That night. Oh, like Josh. I don't know. Oh, someone. Oh, this how you do. Okay. Let's go. Take notes. You don't have to always spin money. Ladies, I know the strip versus going away. All the super. Oh, yeah. A lot of them. They go here. They go. Okay. Oh, look at that. Look up it. I will put it out. All work. It's sex work. On the record. You don't got to always spin money. You go in there and get some bottles in.  Maybe one of your homies, those are money. Okay, but I may not go in there and I get the bottles. It's time to tell you. You've got to go and you go there and the strippers. They will hound you first. Okay. Walking, you walk in any strip club in Atlanta and then they see you soon as you get to your section. Before you turn your head, it's a line of strippers. Well, they see like the jewels. They see, I mean, they see you. They know who he is. They see the cars like they. If me and Lord's walk in like are we going to get that type of reception? What? They know a time in the house. Yeah. They know they're going to think that worse. Yeah.  I worked for Yama. That was a courageous son. Yeah, no room shit. Yeah, your co-wins goes on with the Brady bunches. I'll take whatever attention I can get me. The single off the album, Braun has LeBron listen to Braun yet and he hasn't given you any feedback. I sent that record to Braun in February. Okay. Okay. Last year. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's a year ago. Yeah. He been had to record. I had to. I like I named it after him. I had to send it to him. Of course. Click it is blessing.  or like legal. Definitely get his blessed. Yes. How ironic is it like you could name a song out there somebody legally without their permission. That's fucked up. I'm saying, well, I mean, greatest country on earth. That's America. I was shit, but you know, Brian, that's my dog. That's my dog. So I did it like showing love and he inspired me. So I did it like that. I sent him the song first when the song dropped. He posted it in Hell. Yeah. Did you ask him to executive producer the album like he did with two chains is rapper go to the league when he invented the deluxe album. You remember that? I don't.  And that is like, there's a video, pretty spedept jam. And there's a few chains like in the studio and Vlbounds like yo yo is crazy idea here. Here me out. Listen, what if we, we put out the elements 14 songs, then a week later, we released it with 17 songs. Yeah, dude. People's like, so that's the people that are right. So they got the looks. Yeah, I never wanted to do it the looks. What's the point? Put all your best shit out there. Yeah, you know, no gimmicks. No offensive or brown. I think it's like, I think people find it as a  bridge to what they're going to do next. I'm saying I'm going to next shit next. Okay. No quote me on this. The luck's coming soon. Yeah, he said that before you get a call for fucking the game. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to shit though. Do you have a plan? Be a for Bra was like, nah, I'm not giving this my blessing. You got to go harder. What do you've done? Go harder. Did you think even think about that? That was not even getting out of my heart. I was, you know, I'm so I'm so humble and I'm so hungry. And I'm like, damn, the bra just want to best for me. Yeah. Yeah. You put him saying I would have thought about it like that. Like, no, bro want this song to  And I'm saying so if I think you feel like that already exactly is he like the coastline that matters to you personally because he's like MJ of this generation or is there someone else who's approvals even more important? Any any real hip hop fan? Okay, it's it's coastline he could he could be the dual sitting outside or no I'm saying living in the fucking tent I'm saying if I trust his hip hop a pain and if I know where his opinion come or from I value that okay, what makes you value someone's hip hop opinion? Uh, their experience. Okay.  listeners experience the year what what what kind of music do they listen to? Cavalida dated? Who who who who their favorite artist is and can they rap or not? You know I'm saying if you could rap I take your advice a certain way Oh shit, but even if you can't rap I still I still hold your advice. Okay. I'm saying to to to high standards, but if you if you can I understand it, but it's a few more of the things I can't think right now. Was there any? What was like the person that gave you the most meaningful advice for this fitness project?  Besides LeBron. Uh, German coal. Oh, shout, German. What was that advice? Can you share? Basically, I wanted to, I wanted to like make a, make a, you know, a bitty to butcher album that nobody never heard before. You know, I'm saying, and he was kind of giving me a planer's on which direction I should go in on delivery, cadence and hook right in a shit like that beat selection. Right. Oh, okay. So it kind of like, and hardly I'm a little bit with, or just not really, but you know,  I don't know how to own such a joke. It's a homie. She wrote a joke. She wrote a joke. She made my boy at S. Mawwoy. Did you make comment in his pants? That song? Yes. He's posting his pants. He did that in seventh grade in seventh grade. Yeah. Oh yeah, I do it. Come on. Go while boy. You worked with him. You had some big features on the album from Legends. Wayne. Soup. Some fucking some young blood. Who's an artist you want to work with one day that you haven't linked with  I mean, I'm in an artist who I haven't. I would have to say what's man of fast off the shrumes. I would have to say like. He throw in a rock up. Definitely J but like course. I would have to say it's really it's really more of producers. Yeah. Okay. Like 10 billion for. It's really more more that you know, I've been blessed to work with a lot of hip hop artists. And you know, I'm so thoughtful. But I'm exactly but a K dot.  Yeah, that's right line. He liked that. Who was your favorite rapper? My favorite rapper? Of all time. Got to pick a rap group. Outcast. Oh fire. So now you do trust my opinion. I do. Okay. Cause you're a player coming from his history and your choice. On your family and on your own. Yeah. What about what about what about? Right now I've been listening to a it's been Project Pat Week. Oh, I've been listening to a lot of. Yeah.  Yeah.  So you have to go jizzy. Now this is no order. Right. Of course. Gotta go jizzy. Yeah. Yeah. BMF another family. Then then this is my personal. You have to go rosé. Oh yeah. And my old life rosé was the soundtrack. Oh, no, I'm saying 100%. You have run back the the cat Williams intro where he's just playing hustle and he's like, it doesn't matter if you're in the grocery store. You listen that song. You're fucking crazy.  You gotta go push it. T. Yes, thank you. Aaron's Robert Port of the snort. Yeah, you gotta go push if you go to the Coka Jack for us some last four guys. Yeah, you're a four guys Push hold cheesy Ross No, he's he said your gotty your gotty Honorable mentioned your gotty, okay, but I'm a fuck you I love okay Easy. Oh recipes. The he would damn it a first one here you gotta go eat  And then, Benny the mother fucking butcher. Woo! Because I was there and I know this guy, I know the truth, and I'm saying it. And I know, oh, this guy is telling the truth. So I'm going, I'm putting me on that list too. Yeah. bars wall to wall. But easy, Edo. Yeah. That's the big part of the story. I'm gonna try to talk about Eric right for your coke right. Woo! Do you listen to a coke rappers in the shower? Like, what do you listen to in the shower? We used to always say, listen to Rick James in the bedroom. Yeah. Listen to nothing.  What my best shit at? Oh really? I give it my best shit in the shower. Give a waterproof pen and pad where you're ready stuff down. No, I write it all in my brain. You know what I'm saying? And I say I'm thinking of the best shit. How long are you spending in the shower every year? Yeah, bro. Leave it hot water for your wife with fuck. I'll be so I'm gonna. I'm about 15 minutes. Okay. That's what I'm taking. That's why I didn't come out and you said everything up here. I got it. I don't write the whole wrapping. Right. But just like a bar. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? I started off. You have like writers,  Trump and the student hold on fellas. I got to go take a shot on the quick. That's a good idea. Put a fucking yeah, he's a he. Yeah, put a shot. Yeah, crazy as a sound. That's a good idea. Yeah, it's called Zibit make that happen. That's not this shit not going how I thought it was. Russell water. You got to make it a Benny the butcher only. You got to make it a Benny only shower because I could get real grind me real quick. No, we can't the producers are definitely not coming in. Oh, no. Don't know. Don't let the little weird white engineering guy either. No, we're not doing another bad. I'm saying.  They all got school shooter vibes on the show. I think you go get day on shoot. Also, they don't shower anyway. He's fucking there. Yeah. Those are so bad. They ain't French. What about like so what do you listen to that would surprise a lot of people? What do I listen to that was surprised a lot of people? Well, I don't think people know that I that I really listen to know like trap rap. How I say I do. I mean, they probably think I'm just saying it, but I'm listening to trap rap all the time down South shit. Like new shit. That's cool.  I'm gonna keep up. Yeah. Yeah. Boys or Mavi? No. Tell us more. Mavi. And a Mazi. Mavi. And maybe a Mazi. And he dope with it. And AVI. Yep. Where's he from? I'm not sure where you from. For the South. I'm not sure. I'm not. I don't think he is. But I'm not sure where you from. But I'm sure. I'm Charlotte North Carolina. Shout out fucking German. I'm sending. I'm a soloist. Yeah. A lot of people, he ain't known a lot of people's radar. What kind of just heard somebody's about him about? Yeah. A week ago.  24 years old. He's a child. But he's dope though. He's dope. He does own shit. He and his own little world. And that's the best thing where you'll hit pop art of sometimes man because you get out into this shit. It then it turns into something else. But I just discovered new people like like Bobby. Do you like this? The weird white stinky engineer turned you on to like you. Yeah. They know all the dope shit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They're not getting any pussy. That's the fact. That's the fact. They spend it all the pussy time. Look up for new artists.  pussy and benefit off the artist. That's trickle down. You're getting a pussy for a problem. Yeah, we got we get established that. So when you've discovered someone are you reaching out or you just kind of like, yo, I'm going to sub-serve and watch you like do your own thing from afar. I GDM. If it cause if it cause for, yes, if I feel like that, yes, I never been afraid to because a lot of a lot of the great to reach out to me. I think that. So it was like, you don't got to feel weird or like you dick right and nothing. You can reach out to somebody in a DM and like, yo, I'll fuck with you. You dope.  keep going. It's not even always about doing a song together. Right. It's about I'm acknowledging you just support artists. That's it. Yeah, keep going. Yeah, each one reach one. Is there that feeling with artists that it's like, you know, like, I'm not trying to like, I don't want to dig right. I'm not going to support them or we kind of like gotten past that. Yeah. I'm way past that. I mean, like in general, because I know you are because you're a grown man, you're you're expanding your psyche with the style of seven, but like more, I don't know, just generally in the culture. Yeah, because the glazing get crazy, you know, like it's definitely like that. You know, these dudes, like anytime, I've been to butcher drop out  It kind of like get real tense and it get real like what do you think that is because people a lot of artists don't want to see other artists level up. Hmm. I'm saying it's only it's only they feel like it's only a few slots and they don't want you to take them so a lot of artists might not give you a verse a lot of artists might not reach out to you or you know, you know how to go there's gotta be part of you though that treats wrapping like the league right where it is competition. No or you yeah, 100% but we already here. I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck  fuck. Uh, what? I don't give a fuck of somebody say 10 million albums tomorrow. I don't give a fuck if if Dev Jam go out and sign a new artist tomorrow, who am I laying? I'm I'm still getting paid. I'm still going on tour and content and I'm saying and I'm I'm doing what I'm doing. So that's how I think about it, but I feel like a lot of times people feel like their shit is threatened by that. So that's what they do. I mean, is there like some thing to take you a long time to develop that?  mindset like is there any if there's a young artist say like what advice would you give to a young artist that you start out and just start to get some juice. You could have it all you could have it all because sometimes when you when you jump in his game you might think that you can't end up where Drake ended up and ended up where we're low lane or whole ended up like you can and those guys show that you can it's about how hard you go. I'm saying it's about whatever you whatever you want out this game you gotta put it in for. Right.  a great story and kind of like a unique path because you came up as like with a bunch of your co-harts from your hometown with like a Zelda and everything with a little family.